We could watch
The Godfather.
I heard the first one's
a classic.
You've never seen it?
You're grounded
until we finish the trilogy.
Too much violence.
Find me something
with a meet cute.
It's not about the violence,
it's the story of a man trying
to hold his family together
while the world tries
to tear him apart.
Three hours? I'll just watch
the best parts on YouTube.
That's the worst thing
you've ever said to me.
I will be back soon.
Your mother forgot her robe.
Ah, she lives
with Christina now.
A wet, naked Mom
is no longer our problem.
I will go with you.
Someone needs to console
Dottie when she hears
her son does not care
about her comfort or dignity.
How's she gonna hear that?
Was it not clear?
I will tell her.
I can take the robe
to work tomorrow.
(imitating Marlon Brando):
Come, sit.
Mangia.
When your mother was here,
she had me to take care of her.
Now she has Christina.
Which is worse than being alone.
Mm.
Fine, guys' night it is.
There's got to be something
I need to study.
You are coming with us.
Your grandmothers
will help you study.
You can make us cocktails
while we quiz you.
(imitating Marlon Brando):
Enjoy.
For a man who doesn't spend time
with his family...
is not a man.
If you watched the movie,
you'd get it!
("Ifanla" by Sola Akingbola
playing)
Guess what you're holding
right now.
I think I know the answer,
but it seems too easy.
This is our last batch of socks
made in Malaysia.
Next week, MaxDot Manufacturing
is officially open for business.
(cheering, clamoring)
Way to go, Bobby.
To the rich getting richer.
All right, let's talk
about the grand opening party.
Oh, good. A party.
If you got a problem,
say it in English.
Your party is a giant
waste of money.
Massive.
Don't worry about it.
You guys have earned it.
In that case,
I would like to exchange
my fun for cash.
Or stock options.
You know, it's a write-off
if we invite clients
and turn it
into a networking event.
Oh.
You know, tax-free schmoozing.
Well, look at Mama's
little shark.
Chomp, chomp.
(laughs)
It's not a work thing.
I want to take the evening
to celebrate the people
who made this possible.
The reward for a job well done
is another day of employment.
There's no need
to spend extra money on them.
Oh, I am so proud of you.
Hey, your little teacher's pet?
Washes his hair
with bottled water.
This is a long-term investment.
Look at it.
Money well spent.
I would kill
for that hair.
You will need a DJ.
I have been known
to drop a beat or two.
Why did you give me
turntable lessons
for Christmas if you did not
want me to use them?
All right, enough.
I am the boss.
We are celebrating, and you
are all going to have fun.
Now...
who wants to do the balloons?
I live near a Party City.
You're already DJing.
Goodwin,
buy some freakin' balloons.
We're done here.
I got the gig.
You did not put the stapler
back where it belongs.
My mistake.
And the paperclips
should be here.
Where are the Post-its?
This is chaos.
You having a nice
day so far?
Hello, ladies.
Hi.
Hey.
Would either of you
care for a brownie
with just one bite
taken out of it?
No.
It is very good.
The man would have finished it
if his heart hadn't stopped.
(phone buzzing)
(groans)
Dottie's fitness app
says she woke up
four times last night.
So sweet. You are tracking her
like an endangered bear.
She's with her daughter,
right?
Mm-hmm.
Maybe you should
just let them be.
I need to make sure that
Dottie is well taken care of.
It is my duty
as a medical professional.
And a control freak.
I am not a control freak.
I'm just trying to stop the
world from doing things wrong.
We should get you a cape.
Control is love.
That is why Chukwuemeka
enjoys being handcuffed
by Officer Kemi.
Can't wait
till I retire.
Will you relax?
You have bursitis
in your right shoulder.
So?
That is why
you keep the stapler
as close to you as possible.
But when it is here,
to reach it
you must stretch
that muscle.
Thereby providing yourself
with physical therapy
throughout the day.
You're welcome.
You're a crazy person.
And you do not deserve her.
(indistinct chatter)
Say socks.
ALL:
Socks.
Now let's take
a silly one.
I do not do silly.
Let's pretend
Dele got a bad grade
and we are scolding him.
Can we just smile?
CHRISTINA:
Got it.
Yeah, yeah, party people!
When I say Max, you say Dot.
Max.
It is early.
I will try again later.
All of this is because of you.
It was a group effort.
But mostly my husband.
You didn't even look at me
like that on our wedding day.
Back then you only had
one warehouse.
(chuckles)
Hey, what's up,
party peeps?
I brought
some extra muscle relaxers
if anybody wants to get weird.
Did Christina not bring
your orthopedic shoes?
I'm here to dance,
not walk around the mall.
That's the spirit.
Have some fun.
Flare up those bunions.
Can I have everybody's
attention, please?
Yeah, yeah!
Ladies and gentlemen,
please give it up
for the King of Compression,
the Sultan of Socks...
Thanks, Kofo.
...the Jefe of Hosiery...
Okay, we get it.
(airhorn blaring)
Can I talk now?
(airhorn blares)
I just want to thank you all
for coming.
This is a really special day
made possible by a lot
of incredible people.
You are welcome.
We started with the crazy idea
of bringing manufacturing
back to America...
Have you been doing
your morning exercise?
Every day.
Really?
Do you want to change
that answer?
Wow, I sit a lot.
Under one roof,
we can go from a spool of yarn,
all the way
to a customer's veiny leg.
(cheering, whooping)
I told Christina
inactivity can lead
to blood clots.
Honey,
it's very sweet of you
to worry about me,
but you're killing my vibe.
I especially want to thank
the man who helped me
hatch this crazy plan.
The only guy
more sock obsessed than me.
Goodwin, where are you, pal?
Goodwin?
I believe he is
in the next room working.
Oh, what the hell?
I told him you would be upset,
but he would not listen.
Okay, I'll be right back, folks.
Keep the tunes going.
Goodwin,
if you can hear me, he's coming.
(airhorn blaring)
(indistinct chatter)
Ooh, I need another one.
I feel like I'm having
a hot flash.
No.
It's those
gigantic ovens.
I'm sweating
through my Spanx.
Soon they will be Stanx.
Put down the hosiery
and step away
from the ovens.
I told you guys
to have fun tonight.
We're having a blast.
I brought the balloons.
Stop working and start dancing.
What if we dance while it cooks?
Yeah!
So fun to burn
through profits.
Do me a favor,
wear this bracelet
while you shake me up a martini.
GOODWIN: Mr. Wheeler, if you
insist on wasting money,
then you should hear
our proposals.
Are you having
a meeting without me?
Yes.
No.
Hold on,
if we're gonna talk shop,
I need to get something
in my stomach.
Try these overcooked taquitos.
Don't listen to them,
just keep drinkin'.
Oh, I want to work here.
GOODWIN:
MaxDot has
many older,
high-paid employees
that we could replace
with younger, cheaper workers.
You don't mean me,
right?
This isn't gray,
these are highlights!
The hell with this.
Kemi, come on,
let's go dance.
Oh, Bob. You are not ready
for this jelly.
WATI:
Dottie.
Your son needs
to listen to reason.
Enough. Bobby
got us this far.
If he doesn't want to put
profit over people,
then I trust his judgment.
Wow. Thank you, Mom.
Don't mention it.
Now who wants to cut a rug
with a 60-year-old?
60?
I supported your thing.
Okay.
Christina?
Hey.
Has your mother been taking
her medications on time?
What? Yeah, of course.
Are you cooking healthy meals?
Every morning we have
hers and hers
green juices.
And she calls me a dirty hippie.
Is she going to all
of her doctor's appointments?
No, Abishola.
Because I'm trying to kill her.
I knew it!
I have everything handled.
Do you?
It must be hard to have
all the answers
when everyone around you
is so dumb.
It is.
I have never wanted
to throw aggression
at a fellow chica,
but you better back off!
We will revisit this
conversation when you are sober.
(scoffs)
I have had
one Cosmo, and you know what?
You're the one
who's drunk
on your own arrogance!
Tunde, do something.
Our niece is losing a fight.
Okay. Dele?
Do something!
Your mother is losing a fight.
(airhorn blaring)
DOTTIE: All right!
All the single ladies
on the dance floor!
Come on, Mom, we're going home.
Whoa, whoa,
what's going on?
Your wife thinks
I'm incapable
of taking care
of our mother.
I'm sure that's
not what she meant.
That is exactly what I meant.
Bobby, will you listen to that?
They're fighting over me.
You're missing out.
The-the party's just
getting started.
(airhorn blaring)
Blow it again, I dare you.
I'm sorry I ruined
your party.
I think it was ruined by
the active sock manufacturing.
Still,
I embarrassed myself
fighting with your sister
in public.
Maybe you're apologizing
to the wrong person.
You are right.
I should ask for your mother's
forgiveness.
I let her go home
with a deranged woman.
You know, it might
be time to relax
and trust Christina
a little bit.
So you are on her side?
If you want to look
at it that way, then...
yeah, I am.
You do not get
any more cake.
Let me ask you something.
Did Mom seem healthy?
I suppose.
Did she seem happy?
For now.
And on the drive home, wasn't
it nice to not to have her
in the back seat
going, "Slow down,
Mario Andretti!"
It was.
This is working.
All you got to do
is not pick at it.
But I am so good at picking.
You're not good,
sweetie.
You're the best.
Hey!
I ran a factory
for 38 years.
I never gave them breaks,
let alone a party.
Did the unions have
a problem with that?
Unions?
(laughs)
Amazing.
A magical land
without labor laws.
So much waste.
(groans)
What are we gonna do
with all this extra wine?
I guess we're just gonna
have to throw it away.
Oh, but then I'm part
of the problem.
Just take it.
Thanks, boss.
Hopefully Mr. Wheeler got
the celebration
out of his system
and we can go back to work.
He might want
to throw more money away.
Maybe build a wheelchair ramp.
Idiot.
I would not call him
an idiot.
Did I use the wrong word?
Idiot means Mr. Wheeler
is devoid of all intelligence.
Okay.
I said the right word.
You should show
some respect.
Why?
He is running this company
into the ground.
If not for him,
we would not be here.
MaxDot was struggling,
Mr. Wheeler took over,
and now
we have expanded.
Big whoop.
If I was here,
he would have expanded
ten years ago.
Bob Wheeler is a good man.
He believes in his employees
and treats them well.
On my birthday, he gave me
an edible arrangement.
And you accepted it?
Of course I did.
My workers never receive treats.
They work.
As they should.
But you ate yours up.
Like a hungry puppy.
I did.
You have gone soft.
I have.
There's cookies
in the break room.
Goodwin,
they've got oatmeal raisin.
Get away from me!
(knocking)
Come in.
You busy?
Check it out, I'm buying
some MaxDot billboards
in Bowling Green, Kentucky.
That's Fruit of the Loom HQ.
You trying to start a turf war?
Damn right.
We're gonna juice those fruits.
Hey.
I meant to give this
to you at the party,
but things took
kind of a turn.
Yeah.
I thought if anybody was gonna
make a scene, it'd be me.
You know,
I thought the same thing.
Socks.
That's nice. Thank you so much.
These are the first pair
off the line.
Oh, that actually is nice.
Bobby, these are special.
They should go in your office.
All right, I'll tell you the
truth, they're the second pair
off the line, but I still
want you to have them.
You and Dad taught me
everything I know.
Aw, thanks, sweetie.
But I taught you more, right?
Hey, you want
to grab something to eat?
You're showering me with gifts.
You're trying to feed me.
If I didn't know any better,
I'd say you love your mother.
If I didn't know any better, I'd
say you were proud of your son.
I am.
All right.
Enough feelings.
Let's get drunk.
Yellow
makes Mom mellow.
(chuckles)
Red and blue
are vitamins to chew.
(knocking)
Tan is for bone... density.
Hello, Christina.
Abishola.
May I come in?
Oh, chica.
You were never out.
Dottie is your mother.
You may care for her
as you see fit.
Oh, thank you.
I've prepared a guidebook
to help you manage her needs.
Which you may choose
to use or not.
It is very comprehensive,
you would be silly
not to use it.
Of course I will,
you're a medical professional.
Mm-hmm.
"Humans need food,
water and sleep every day."
Yeah, I'll read the rest later.
(door opens)
(laughter)
Did you see the look
on that cabbie's face
when we ran out
without paying?
BOB:
It was an Uber.
He was wondering
why you were running.
(laughs)
(door closes)
Hey, honey.
Oh.
I think I got you a ride
back to the wrong house.
Are you drunk?
As two skunks.
(both laughing)
And you think
this is funny?
You are recovering
from a stroke,
Mom, you're not out
on spring break.
Take it easy.
We were celebrating.
Yeah.
CHRISTINA: And you.
You should know better.
What if she has
a setback?
Oh, you want
to go back to giving her
sponge baths
and suppositories?
Whoa, whoa,
whoa, honey,
you are overreacting.
Yes, she is.
And it is wonderful.
Aw.
Thank you.
You could've killed her, Bob.
Go home!
And you, take two yellows
and you go to bed!
I'm not tired!
I didn't ask!
Come with me, drunk skunk.
You're the prettiest
Uber driver.
Five stars.
Knock, knock.
Oh!
I brought pastrami.
Soaking through the bag.
That's the good stuff.
(chuckles)
Oh, ho, ho.
All right.
I'm sure Abishola
wouldn't want us
having this crap.
Whatever. I've been pouring
Christina's green juices
down the drain every morning.
Well, somewhere in that sewer is
a family of very healthy rats.
(both laugh)
Mmm.
So factory's shaping up, huh?
Sure is.
You got to get your staff hired
and ready to go before opening.
Yep.
And they've got
to be trained well.
Obviously.
And do background checks.
It's all fun and games
until you catch somebody
putting a sock oven
in their pickup.
Yeah, I've got it, Ma.
I'll open it for you.
Thank you.
(sighs)
Mmm.
(grunting):
Mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm!
(sighs):
Mmm...
You gonna swallow that
anytime soon?
I like to savor it.
(hacking)
Sorry, Mommy's
a little phlegmy today.
(clears throat)
Must be the dairy.
You know, we don't have
to eat together all the time.
You're absolutely right.
Maybe we can have lunch
together once a week.
Or once a month.
It's a deal.
Love you.
You, too.
Mmm.
(sighs happily)
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org